Add some documentation about the mutualize services (#43)
camptocamp/helm-geomapfish: README.md

[Example of minimal config](./tests/recommend.yaml)

[Mutualize project](https://github.com/camptocamp/helm-mutualized/)

## Mutualize

### Configuration workflow

Diagram of the configuration workflow:

![Diagram of the configuration workflow](./mutualize.png 'Diagram of the configuration workflow')

#### GitHubWebhook

One `GitHubWebhook` will be create for each `mutualize.configs`.
Those objects will be used by the
[GitHub WebHook operator](https://github.com/camptocamp/operator-github-webhook/)
to create the needed GitHub WebHooks.
Those WebHooks will trigger the mutualize shared config manager on push on GitHub.

#### Mutualize Shared Config Manager

One `SharedConfigSource` will be create for each `mutualize.configs`.
Those object are used by the
[Shared Config Manager Operator](https://github.com/camptocamp/operator-shared-config-manager)
to build a `ConfigMap` (from the `SharedConfigConfig` object) that contains the master config of the mutualize
Shared Config Manager.
With this config, the Shared Config Manager will checkout the configured repository,
Do the variable replacement, and distribute the to the mutualize services.

#### Mutualize TileClout-chain hosts

> One other `SharedConfigSource` will be create for each `config.hosts` for `config` for each `mutualize.configs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One other `SharedConfigSource` will be create for each entry in key `hosts` of each entry in `geomapfish.mutualize.configs` if `tilecloudchain` is `true`.
```

But I'm not sure we still need this as we will use /tiles the GMF project's ingress.

Author: Yes :-)
